well howdy there internet people is bow
down so tonight we're going to talk
about solutions you know modern problems
require modern solutions I think I've
come up with one did the math and I'm
pretty sure it'll work out it will solve
a problem we're facing and I'll even
help the economy help the average person
it's great it's fantastic it will solve
the hygiene issues the overcrowding
issues the food issues all of the issues
that are going on including the idea of
people being in cages that are happening
at these concentration camps but before
we talk about them I want to tell you
about my dream home it's not too far
from here and it's an old plantation
house it's a needs some cosmetic work
but it's it's a good structure six
bedrooms massive kitchen massive dining
room study whole nine yards and it sits
on the chunk of property and to those in
the city a chunk of property out here
does not mean an acre that means like
you sitting on your porch and you can't
see your property line problem is it's
600 grand now I know in a lot of major
cities that's not a lot out here oh
that's that's a lot of money so here's
my plan I will take five asylum seeking
mothers and their infants that's five
bedrooms occupied at the current rate
that we're paying these camps that
apparently can't afford to get the
necessities that's they're paying them
seven hundred seventy five dollars a day
per person per light so five mothers
five kids that's ten people that's
$7,750 day times thirty-two two hundred
and thirty two thousand five hundred
dollars a month I am fairly certain that
I can provide food health insurance
hygiene everything they need for like 32
grand leaving two hundred thousand
dollars a month in profit
yeah when you start doing the numbers
and they're raking in the money on human
suffering aren't they so in three months
that homes paid for in that sixth
bedroom the unoccupied one we're gonna
turn that into a school you know no
perfect buh buh buh yo hablo we'll teach
them English and then guess what that
other big complaint will they won't
assimilate well that goes away won't it
it's really hard to assimilate when
you're in a cage but maybe if you're
around people
it'd be easier might be easier I
mentioned this to a friend of mine he's
an active di he's a he was a bootcamp
instructor with the Marines he said he'd
take 20 at-risk teens at risk meaning
possible gang members up to his farm in
South Carolina he said if they're 16
when they got there by the time they're
18 they'd be ready to go in the Marines
thank you that turning a problem into an
asset fantastic I know some farmers have
bunk houses like old school and I'm
pretty sure they'd be willing to let
them come in take them in and then once
they're processed look at that they got
a job because it's not like there's a
lot of Americans hanging out in those
bunk houses modern solution right there
decentralization of course the
government will never allow this because
if they do and we actually start talking
to them we're gonna realize that their
people not animals not livestock
I think it's a good idea I really do and
then there is in my situation of course
I do find some form of poetic justice
and the idea that a home that was built
on the back of slavery could be used to
help people achieve freedom that would
be nice too anyway I think we can do it
better nice if we let the average
individual do it and then when somebody
asks well how many immigrants have you
taken in we can all say as many as
you'll give me anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night